Hi.
We didn't this lecture we're going to finish our user interface.
We have to test the save button to see if that works.
We have to add a new button over here to our UI navigation bar so that we can do a Segway between we
have controllers and then we going to finish up our user interface and then go to write our card data
with work.
So in the table view I'm going to create this UI bar button programmatically.
So it means that I'm going to write a code in order to reach that.
So you have to go for navigation controller but I believe it doesn't show up in here.
So let me try to delete this and do a comment B to build this up so that I can try later on one more
time.
So let's write now negation and it still doesn't show up.
Let me delete this and write it from scratch.
So maybe we can see it.
Yeah.
Navigation controller.
Now we see it.
So this brings us the UI navigation controller.
So if I click on this I can reach the UI navigation bar as well.
So after you run you write this you can do a dot and navigation bar and it brings you the navigation
bar and if you do top item you reach the top top item of the navigation bar.
So we reach actually this area in the main story.
Let me show you so you can understand it better.
So we reached this area.
So on this area I'm going to reach for the right hand side.
OK.
So you can just go and say dot right bar about an item and a site from right.
We have a left by the bar about the item as well but we're going to go for right because that's what
usually developers do.
So we're going to actually go for the cooperation and create this right bar about an item.
So this will expect us to create a UI bar button item.
So this one as you can see this is a special button for placing on the toolbar or the tab bar.
So we can create this bar button and we can actually reach and choose the target.
We can choose the sector we can choose what will happen when we click on this bar button item.
So here you will see some options.
For example we have this tidal options if you want to write something inside of your button you can
go for this.
You can go for title but I don't want to actually write anything I'm just going to create this from
the built in icons from the Swifts from the X code.
So I'm going to show you how it works.
So choose the system one.
And if you hit enter and hit dot you will see these options.
For example we have the action we have the ads and these bring us some icons that represents the related
action for example if we choose the ad it will display a plus bottom.
If we choose camera for instance it will display a camera icon.
So you can go for other options as well.
For example if you choose the compose it will display a button representing compose items.
So developers use this to work with cause instant icon looks within Apple applications.
OK.
So I'm going to go for at so you will see a plus button appearing on the AH button navigation bar button.
Let me run this.
So Target's will be south because we're going to call the selector action selector from this view controller.
OK.
Like we used to do before.
So I'm going to create this function with objective c function at bottom.
OK.
Add button clicked.
So in this ADD button clicked I'm just going to do.
Performed Segway and the Segway identifier that I'm looking for is two details we see.
And the sender is nil.
So if I come over here and say Add button clicked then if I run this you will see a UI bar button an
item on the UI navigation bar.
And when I click on it it will bring me to the details of controller so that we can actually test if
our details we see is working or not because we fixed the bug remember.
So let me open our simulator and test this and in fact we didn't even make the set up for table view
but it doesn't by the ridges going to see an empty table view like here.
Yeah.
We have the plus button on the right hand side of UI navigation bar if you click on it.
It brings us here in here we're going to have a UI Image view and text fields seems OK and if I click
on Save it prints out tests so everything seems to be working right now.
And if I click on one of these text fields the key keyboard will come up and there is a problem in here.
As you can see this keyboard actually prevents us from reaching the save button even if I click one
of the non text field areas of the view controller like here or here.
It doesn't go back.
So it's kind of a problem we have to make sure that if user taps on anywhere on the view it should go
back so we can reach the same button.
So we generally use keyboard this way we say toggle and we don't see any problem while we use this.
However the user will experience this problem in the real world.
So we have to make sure we take care of this problem again.
So in order to do that we are going to work with a tap gesture recognizing one more time.
Because why.
Because we want a user tapping on anywhere on the view.
And when he taps we have to understand this gesture.
And we have to act accordingly before we made this gesture recognizes for UI image views right.
Image you use actually.
So in this image view when a user taps on the Image view be performed some operation.
But right now I want to create this gesture recognizing one more time.
I want the user to tap a rare on the View.
I'm going to show you how it's done and actually bringing down the keyboard is very easy.
So it's one line of code.
But we have to take care of the gesture recognize there first so that we can implement the function
with the gesture recognize her.
So let's do it first.
We have to create a tap gesture recognize her in order to do that.
I'm going to say let gesture recognize there is a you eye tap gesture recognize her.
OK.
Remember this asks for a target and then action.
So Target of course will be self again and the action will be a selector that we will create.
So let's say selector here and in here I'm going to create go for creating another function.
So I'm going to say func height keyword.
OK.
So this will hide the keyboard for me.
And in order to hide the keyboard it's very easy.
You just have to say view.
OK.
It will bring up the view so does a predefined word in swift.
It refers to you iview and Dot OK and anything.
So when you do that it actually finishes up everything regarding to editing including bringing down
the keyboard.
So you have to say view that and editing too.
So now I have to make sure that this height keyboard is due in here as a selector.
OK.
And I have to make sure that this gesture recognize there is added to the view as a gesture organizer.
So rather than assigning to an image view rather than assigning to this to any view I'm just going to
assign this to my view itself.
So whenever wherever our user taps rather than the keyboard it will bring down the keyboard.
So you can say view that at gesture recognized or so the gesture recognized there is the choice.
So here you go.
This will work.
Let me test this.
OK.
Let me open this from scratch and let me go to the other view.
Let me click one of the text fields so my keyboard will come up.
If I click on anywhere as you can see it goes down so I can reach the save button.
So we're done here actually.
This user interface can be much more better.
There is no point to put the save by the name here we can just put the save button to the UI navigation
bar for example here.
So it will look much more better but I'm not going to spend much much more time on the user interface.
We're here to learn about the car data.
And this is more than enough for us to perform our tasks.
OK.
That's what it counts right now.
So I'm going to stop here and within the next lecture we're going to continue yielding our art book.